---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome To My Website"
author: "Wallace Lim"
---

Welcome! I've always wanted to start a blog to share my personal adventure, the ups and downs. Now with the ever growing pandemic living outside our doors, it's all the more reason to finally push myself to start creating one and here we are. I know I'm more of a conservative type and always wants to keep my ups and downs to myself, but hopefully with my own platform I'm able to slowly break out of my shell. This blog will consolate everything I wanted to blog -- technology, finance, traveling, food, my thoughts and more.

In case you have no idea who I am, here's a little context. As of writing, I'm a junior at UC Berkelley studying Computer Science and Data Science. I've lived in the Bay Area all my life but I had my own fair share of traveling while growing up which cause my love for it. To be quite frank, I initially wanted to become an electrical engineer. I knew nothing about EE but I simply wanted to become one with the sole purpose to "beating" my parents, both of which majored in EE. My passion for computer science started when I saw the potential of computer science through my APCS class back in junior year of high school when my teacher showed a small clip of how programming could change the world, but never hit home until my second semester of sophomore year at Berkeley when I saw the limitless abilities of deep learning in a Google documentary about [Alpha Go](https://youtu.be/WXuK6gekU1Y). Seeing the limitless capabilities a machine has to offer, I grew a new found apprecation for CS and now even more motivated than ever to learn all its possibilities.

When I'm not studying CS, I love to explore the world of finance. I've dipped my toes into personal finance and hoping to delve into the world of investing very soon. I also love exploring the world and trying new foods. Subtle flex, but I've tried 4 Michelin star restaurants, even a 3 star and have already visited 18 countries. 

That's probably a decent description of myself. More about me will come as I continue blogging. Thanks for reading!